everyone arielle Adams here with a blog
to read calm this is the vittoria
meeeeee Deep Diver the highly
anticipated new dive watch from vittoria
meeeee this is an interesting piece all
the way around it's got a lot of
interesting features on there you can
see that the case has sort of this duel
construction where they're sort of the
inner case in this big cap with this
sort of wave like pattern around there
that makes it really interesting too
chunky steel case lots of alternating
polish too right here it's brushed on
the inside it's polished again on the
surface here you have brushed finishes
here the bezels polished the bezel is a
rotating bezel feels quite nice a little
hard to grip but not that big of a deal
this isn't what I would call a true
divers watch and since it doesn't meet
certain specifications one of the funny
parts of the watch is the fact that it's
called the Deep Diver and it goes to 200
meters and Victorians other watch called
the 80 goes to 500 meters so the watch
called the Deep Diver doesn't go as deep
as the 80 and I think I think that water
resistance has a lot to do with the case
gives it's a more unorthodox design I I
like this one I think is really really
cool cases big 47 millimeters wide lugs
are very wide apart so you're going to
have to have a pretty big wrist to wear
a watch like this quite easy to read
carbon fiber dial the applied hour
markers in the hands have super lumen
ova crystal is sapphire with
anti-reflective coating I love the strap
the strap is rubber but it's swiss-made
rubber and there's nothing inherently
special about rubber that was made in
Switzerland but the quality is really
really good sometimes they're
vanilla-scented this isn't vanilla set
but they're known to do that so you can
see on my wrist there they're a little
bit smaller big big watch it is
comfortable though it's comfortable it
doesn't move around I like it but it is
it is a larger watch I love the design
of the case it's it's kind of shall we
but not blingy I does that make sense
it's a showy sort of ostentatious design
without being pretentious
this is sort of a fun design and it's
easy to read in the dial to stands out
at you it's quartz watch has a Swiss at
a movement inside no date I would have
liked the date tube in there I don't
know what I like the date I'm a kind of
God likes today some people hate the day
they feel like it kills the aesthetic
balance on the watch but I'm a kind of
guy that likes the date just a very
interesting watch with a lot of great
detailing on there for example if you
look on the inside there the case
there's a double philandering the inner
flange ring has small hour and minute
indicators on there and then above it is
a slightly sloped floundering it has the
vittoria name sort of repeated around
their kind of like rolex does it's a
little detail it's it's not the type of
thing that you notice all the time but
it's good to know it's there and I like
the vittoria Miz able to put in those
cool intricate little details price for
this watch is 895 dollars not too bad
for this level of construction a lot a
lot of I think almost everything is
swiss made the strap the movement a lot
of the parts are swiss-made so it's just
a it's a good it's a good watch it's
cool if you like the design it's
something very very different a lot of
people like watches are quite different
but in addition to being different it's
also very useful again this is the
Victorian Deep Diver and you read the
full review on a blog to read com thanks